README.md, before:

# Challenge - Question And Answer Contest

## Resume:

In this challenge we are going to model a question and answer contest, the intention is to design a solution that allows having a bank of questions with different options for a single answer, in addition each question must be in a category or a group of similar questions of the same level, for each round you must assign a prize to get, the rounds of the game are levels that increase as the player wins prizes.

## Preconditions:

- It must have 25 questions (5 questions per category) for 5 rounds, each category has a complexity or level of difficulty, each round must assign a prize that the player will win. ✅

- The player starts with the first round, the system looks for the category of the first level and chooses a question from that category. ✅

- The Player selects an option from the 4 options he has, if he loses the game ends if he wins he continues to the next round. ✅

- The next round selects a question with a higher degree of complexity according to the category. It has the same behavior as the previous item. ✅

- If you get to round 5 and pass, then you win the game, the jackpot should be in the last round. ✅

## Application Demo:

![preview web app.](https://github.com/JuanWebDeveloper/Questions-And-Answers/blob/master/img/demo.gif)

Commit message:

Added the video where the code is explained

README.md, after:

# Challenge - Question And Answer Contest

## Resume:

In this challenge we are going to model a question and answer contest, the intention is to design a solution that allows having a bank of questions with different options for a single answer, in addition each question must be in a category or a group of similar questions of the same level, for each round you must assign a prize to get, the rounds of the game are levels that increase as the player wins prizes.

## Preconditions:

- It must have 25 questions (5 questions per category) for 5 rounds, each category has a complexity or level of difficulty, each round must assign a prize that the player will win. ✅

- The player starts with the first round, the system looks for the category of the first level and chooses a question from that category. ✅

- The Player selects an option from the 4 options he has, if he loses the game ends if he wins he continues to the next round. ✅

- The next round selects a question with a higher degree of complexity according to the category. It has the same behavior as the previous item. ✅

- If you get to round 5 and pass, then you win the game, the jackpot should be in the last round. ✅

## Application Demo:

![preview web app.](./img/demo.gif)

## Link To The Video Where The Application Code Is Explained

https://github.com/JuanWebDeveloper/Questions-And-Answers/tree/master/img/codeExplanation.webm
